


BlackRock met with SEC officials to discuss spot Bitcoin ETF


X English  Advertise  About  News  Bitcoin  Ethereum  Altcoins  Blockchain  Business  Policy & Regulations  AI  NFTs  DeFi  Adoption  Markets  Market News  Price Indexes  Market Analysis  Heatmap  Top 10 Cryptocurrencies  Calculator  Magazine  People  Top 100 2023  Top 100 2022  Top 100 2021  Top 100 2020  Opinion  Expert Take  Innovation Circle  Interview  Cryptopedia  Explained  How to  Learn  Glossary  Research  Video  Podcasts  Markets Pro  Turner Wright  Nov 22, 2023  BlackRock met with SEC officials to discuss spot Bitcoin ETF  Representatives from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission also met with Grayscale on Nov. 20 in the asset manager’s bid for listing a Bitcoin ETF.  24561  Total views  24  Total shares  Listen to article  0:00  News Join us on social networksRepresentatives from BlackRock and the Nasdaq met with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission to discuss the proposed rule allowing the listing of a spot Bitcoin (BTC) exchange-traded fund, or ETF.According to a Nov. 20 SEC memo, BlackRock provided a presentation detailing how the firm could use an in-kind or in-cash redemption model for its iShares Bitcoin Trust. It’s unclear how SEC officials responded to the two proposed models or if they intend to approve a spot BTC ETF after numerous delays and rejections. Looks like @BlackRock also met with SEC! There’s a couple slides in relation to in-kind vs cash creation. Based on this it looks like BlackRock prefers in-kind for their #bitcoin ETF (makes sense as its probably cleanest structure for them & end investors) h/t @btcNLNico https://t.co/AK0XspL4zJ pic.twitter.com/eeuUT9T5mn— James Seyffart (@JSeyff) November 22, 2023

Many reports have suggested the SEC could be nearing a decision on a spot BTC ETF for listing on U.S. markets. If approved, it would be one of the most significant positive trends toward mainstream crypto adoption. SEC officials also met with Grayscale representatives on Nov. 20 in the firm’s bid for listing a Bitcoin ETF.Related: Spot Bitcoin ETF: Why this time is differentBlackRock is one of many firms with spot crypto ETF applications in the SEC pipeline awaiting a response, including Fidelity, WisdomTree, Invesco Galaxy, Valkyrie, VanEck and Bitwise. The asset management company first applied for listing a spot BTC ETF in June on the Nasdaq stock exchange.A video of SEC Chair Gary Gensler from 2019 resurfaced in October, in which he criticized the commission’s “inconsistent” approach to spot BTC products. It’s unclear whether the SEC chair will get behind efforts for crypto-linked investment vehicles, but the commission has previously approved ETFs tied to Bitcoin and Ether (ETH) futures.Magazine: Crypto regulation: Does SEC Chair Gary Gensler have the final say?
#Bitcoin #Investments #SEC #ETF #Asset Management #Regulation  Add reaction Add reaction Read more  Stablecoin bill is a ‘no-brainer’ — Consensys director on US legislation  Blockchain devs expect complications from EU smart contract kill switch  Bitcoin ETF launch could be delayed more than a month after SEC approval   News  Bitcoin   Blockchain   Ethereum   Altcoins  Business   Policy & Regulations  AI  NFTs  DeFi  Adoption   Features  Top 100 2023  Top 100 2022  Top 100 2021  Top 100 2020  Magazine  Analysis  Opinion  Hodler’s Digest  Expert Take  Top 10 Cryptocurrencies  Market Analysis  Interview  Historical  Market Tools  Market News  Markets Pro  Bitcoin Price Index  Ethereum Price Index  Bitcoin Cash Price Index  Litecoin Price Index  Ripple Price Index  Monero Price Index  Heatmap  Partner  Calculator  Cryptopedia  Explained  Learn  How to  Glossary  Industry  Research  Podcasts  Press Releases  Events  Cointelegraph Accelerator  Changelly  Partner  Scalable  Partner  About us  Franchise  Advertise  About  Widgets  Newsletters  Are you a journalist or an editor?  Join us  FOLLOW US  FOLLOW US  COINTELEGRAPH NEWSLETTER  Email Address  Subscribe  Terms of services and Privacy policy © Cointelegraph 2013 - 2023 Cointelegraph covers fintech, blockchain and Bitcoin bringing you the latest crypto news and analyses on the future of money.  


